[EuiSteps] Add support for unordered steps (#7813)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/7813.md

> - Updated `EuiSteps` and `EuiStepsHorizontal` to support a new `xxs` size, which outputs smaller and unnumbered steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `EuiSteps` to support a new `titleSize="xxs"` style, which outputs the same title font size but smaller, unnumbered step indicators
- Updated `EuiStepsHorizontal` to support a new `size="xs"` style, which outputs smaller and unnumbered step indicators
```

Author: Updated in this [commit](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/7813/commits/791216ecdce35f4d30b70aadf1216e3056cc00c2). I added separately the change to `EuiStepNumber` too.

Reviewer: Ooo thanks for remembering that! I always forget our lil subcomponents that I'm never totally sure why we even export 🫠

> - Updated `EuiSteps` to support and `EuiStepsHorizontal` to support title size `xxs` which outputs smaller and unnumbered steps

Reviewer: copy suggestion
```suggestion
- Updated `EuiSteps` and `EuiStepsHorizontal` to support a new `xxs` size, which outputs smaller and unnumbered steps
```

Author: Woops, me changing half way what I'm writing 🤦‍♀️ Thanks for the catch!

- Updated `EuiSteps` to support a new `titleSize="xxs"` style, which outputs the same title font size but smaller unnumbered step indicators
- Updated `EuiStepsHorizontal` to support a new `size="xs"` style, which outputs smaller unnumbered step indicators

> - Updated `EuiStepNumber` to support new `titleSize="none"` which outputs smaller unnumbered step indicators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
- Updated `EuiStepNumber` to support new `titleSize="none"` which omits rendering step numbers, and will only render icons.
```
```
